Update changelog for log exception attributes (#1242)
newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent: src/Agent/CHANGELOG.md

### New Features
* Support of setting up labels via appsettings.json and app/web.config file. [#1204](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent/pull/1204)
* Additional DEBUG-level logging of all environment variables.
* Forwarded application logs now capture exception details including, error message, error stack, and error class. [#1228](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent/pull/1228)
  * Log events with no message will now be accepted if an exception is present in the log event.

>   * The error stack is created using the stack of the inner exception, up to 5 levels deep, just like the in the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The error stack is created using the stack of the inner exception, up to 5 levels deep, just like existing Agent error reporting.
```
